Add information how to enable cronjob controller v2 (#24885)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs.md

The CronJob is only responsible for creating Jobs that match its schedule, and
the Job in turn is responsible for the management of the Pods it represents.

> ## New controller (alpha)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Choice of controller (alpha) {#cronjob-controller-version}
```

(Putting “alpha” in the fragment identifier is a problem because when the feature goes stable the URL of the fragment would change)

Author: Fair, removing.

> There's an alternative implementation of the CronJob controller exposed as an alpha feature since kubernetes 1.20. To enable it pass the following feature gate flag to {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="kube-controller-manager" text="kube-controller-manager" >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's an alternative implementation of the CronJob controller, available as an alpha feature since Kubernetes 1.20. To select version 2 of the CronJob controller, pass the following [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) flag to the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="kube-controller-manager" text="kube-controller-manager" >}}.
```

Author: Updated.

```

> --feature-gates="CronJobControllerV2=true"

Reviewer 2: I believe https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/ also needs to be modified to add `CronJobControllerV2`.

Author: Oh, I wasn't aware. Fixed. Thanks @annajung :)
